Mr. Kim won't let you go
Mean that Mean
You can't give me anything
Where is he? I came to avenge my dad this time
Tell me where he is
How do I know?
I don't know.
Since you don't know
I'll take you upstairs first
Not here today
Boy, you said that bitch wasn't here
He's no longer here.
You let me leave it there
Where do I put my face?
I just finished that sentence
Leave now before I get angry
Miss the end
What is a king?
How dare you threaten me?
Ye Yifan, shut up your father
Don't take us, boy
Hahaha big brother
Can you give me a dog's life?
As long as you don't kill me
I can give you as much as you want.
How about more money?
I'm not short of money unless
So familiar, big brother, if you like it, just take it away.
Pardon me?
You are very sensible
Little beauty
As long as you stay with me for one night
I'm normal oops
Don't come here
Tian Yao, don't you want to resist?
Are you just a big pot?
In this way, we can all be saved. You can make the young army shameless.
I was killed by our teacher, okay?
Chen Yao
Are you doing this for me?
Just play with this big brother once
Wait until I play a few times
Big brother uh
After he gives it to you
Don't die
For something so sensible of you
Be honest
Wait until we're done playing
Hahahahaha
How dare you hit me?